1.What is React?
ans-React is a JavaScript library for building User Interfaces.it is based on UI components.

2.Who made React?
ans-Jordan Walke

3.What is Babel?
ans-Babel is a nothing but a Javascript transpiler that converts JS code with new ES versions into old ones. 

4.How does Babel convert html code in React into valid code?
ans-React 17 introduces two new entry points to the React package that are intended to only be used by compilers like Babel and TypeScript. Instead of transforming JSX to React.createElement, the new JSX transform automatically imports special functions from those new entry points in the React package and calls them.
example:
import React from 'react';
function App() {
  return React.createElement('h1', null, 'Hello world');
}

5.What is ReactDOM used for? Write an example?
ans-ReactDOM is a package that provides DOM specific methods that can be used at the top level of a web app to enable an efficient way of managing DOM elements of the web page.
example:
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';

//Create a React Compoenent
const App = () =>{
	return <h1>Hello world</h1>;
};

6.What are the packages that you need to import for react to work with?
ans: react,react-dom,babel

7.How do you add react to a web application?
ans-Step 1: Add a DOM Container to the HTML
    Step 2: Add the Script Tags
    Step 3: Create a React Component


8.What is React.createElement?
ans-React.createElement means Create and return a new React element of the given type.The type argument can be either a tag name string, a React component type or a React fragment type.


9.What are the three properties that createElement accept?
ans-1)type: the type of the HTML element (h1,p,button).
    2)props: properties of the object({style:{size:10px}} or Eventhandlers, classNames,etc).
    3)children: anything that need to be displayed on the screen.

10.What is the meaning of render and root?
ans-render means transmit to another.In React The purpose of the function is to display the specified HTML code inside the specified HTML element. In the render() method, we can read props and state and return our JSX code to the root component of our app.
The root node is the HTML element where you want to display the result. It is like a container for content managed by React.